I had the fantastic opportunity of going to Egypt last month. And in that time,
I was able to go inside the second pyramid of Giza on two separate
occasions. And by second pyramid, I'm referring to coffee's pyramid,
but let's be real. It was not his pyramid.
And I'm about to show you nearly 16 minutes of raw unedited video of my tour
inside and out of this incredible structure.
And then you can look and think for yourself as to whether you believe that its
original purpose was to be a tune for the pharaohs.
Now let me also just say that I've been enjoying sharing my raw video footage
from my cell phone with you guys, I've already shared the great pyramid,
the bent pyramid also be showing you inside the Dendera complex,
including hidden chambers there and also forbidden video inside the OSI were
shaft nearly 28 minutes, which I was not supposed to film guys,
but I also know that many of you were excited for me to get back to my typical
type presentation where I show you slides and pictures.
So thankfully I have tens of thousands of photos that I took with my new
mirrorless camera and they are of outstanding quality,
but I've been in the process of an out of state move.
So give me some time to piece those together as I've been consumed with life,
but look forward to these other videos in the interim. And though, yeah. Okay.
I admit I did shoot in vertical most of the time. Whoops, forgive me,
but Hey,
it is still a 4k video and at least it shows you a perspective that you can't
possibly have by seeing pictures and video presentation or slides.
Like I typically show you. So look forward to these other videos in the interim,
but I look forward to making my other type videos real soon,
but without further ado, here's nearly 16 minutes of that.
The first video clip is of my second visit there.
And then the other video clips were from my first visit in there just to kind of
paint you a different picture on how that went down. But without further ado,
here we go.
All bedrock.
The second pyramid,
five foot 10 for comparison, 10,
about six feet or so
this is the so-called Queens chamber.
I'll bet rock subterranean on the impression that the walls are approximately 30
feet or so high again, all in bedrock,
Going down now backed up.
[Inaudible].
I think they're on the bus.
It has to be the most impressive heavenly this after this trip,
I believe this pyramid came first before the great pyramid for a number of
reasons, which I'll share in a video,
but I want the tour of this.
[Inaudible].
This is being shot,
iPhone 12 pro and I have an ultra wide angle 0.5 right now. 10. What? Curious.
[Inaudible].
Obviously I've been speed walking the whole time.
I don't want to stop recording.
Just letting clear a little bit of distance with my truck.
Don't want to stop recording.
How tall are you, man? Six feet. Good for comparison.
All right away. I go.
I'll live. You got to stay. If you heard that, that was my back.
I wouldn't be surprised. And I tore my shirt. That was,
that was a gash all worth it.
This video just doesn't do justice to the size of the tunnel though.
I'm halfway over. I mean, look at me now I'm leaving.
That is a quarry.
I'll just have to put all my thoughts into a video. Not a tomb. Nope,
not a too nice. I don't think so.
It's almost hard to have the words because
not because I'm out of breath because I'm apparently out of shape is a workout
going in there
Goes down all into bedrock, back up. Not much higher than we are now
off of that room. Hope you guys enjoyed this.
I know I did. That was my back look after I took, is it bleeding through?
I'll be all right.
What do you think Ben was a magical experience. You bet.
Yeah, don't go to ancient Rome.
People don't go to don't go to Greece. Come to Egypt. This place is just
y'all missing out. The size of everything is epic.
I was saying like, again, I'm talking to the camera. I don't have the work.
It's hard to know what to describe going in there. I'm like,
I don't get a tomb vibe at all. It's like, you go up here and like,
oh yeah.
Tombs and pyramids for tombs for the pharaohs can hide all their stuff in there.
I'm like you just go straight down and straight up. What mazes there? Yeah.
That one little door thing. Like that's it? Yeah.
There's the so-called great for no is the great pyramid,
but I'm not much bigger than the second. What is it?
30 feet difference. It's not a lot.
No, thank you. Hi, you remember me?
That's it say hi to the camera. Very good. Welcome to Egypt. American forever.
Yes. Yes. Come to Egypt. I ladies. No, no, no, no,
no, no. I appreciate it. I do not. But I thank you Sharon.
They put it in your, they put it in your hands.
That way you'll have to give them money. They do it to everyone.
Hello? Hello?
Who am I stripped again? I've almost fallen and tripped. Uh,
something like 341 times on this trip. I haven't been down once.
Almost rolled my ankle. About another a hundred times. Haven't rolled at once.
Famous last words. I'm just still recording. I don't even know what to say,
but this is fun. I guess I'll post this to Instagram or something. Yeah.
Get all these stones. Lord.
One of those. That's our bus over there.
Hey Ben. So my back real quick. Is it, uh, is it torn or is it whitened?
Anything? You're fine. No mark at all. Oh,
there's a little like little wet mark there. Maybe it's probably blood.
Why what's that from just stabbing my back in the tunnel for fun.
All right. Everyone. Talk to you later.
[Inaudible]
[inaudible].
More frame of reference.
I'm five foot 10 and I can feel my
hair touch the roof of this. So it's.
About six feet roughly, maybe five 11. Cause I'm right at the top almost.
So look how small that door looks at the whole
All bedrock except for the ceiling. As you just heard.
[Inaudible].
And is this built this? So this was placing and that's sitting on that.
[Inaudible] Resonance.
Smooth as hell.
[Inaudible].
So this goes down,
that goes to the other second entrance or exit higher up.
All of this is carved out of solid bedrock.
[Inaudible].
Yeah, the pyramid has a air. So the agent's work dance. As you can tell
this whole bedrock.
[Inaudible].
And now this is small. This is very small.
As you can see, these steps were added in always, you would just be fleshed,
bedrock. This is about three feet or so lie. I'm scrapped.
I'm crouched down. It's uncomfortable.
Then it opens
And now it's I'm five foot 10 and it's got a few inches on me.
This goes down to the subterranean. What would they call it? Queen's chamber.
As you can see block
That goes up probably 10 feet, 11 feet.
Just a guess.
So we went down and now we go back up and that's the exit,
but that's at ground level. And so that is a,
I think it's 26 degree angle if I remember. Right. And it says,
what is in the great pyramid? Oh yeah. Oh,
you guys waiting for me? Perfect. Here we go.
And the way I hope my narration isn't annoying.
If I post this on Instagram, you guys can forget anything Christmas.
Oh, okay. See, even my back just hit the, the roof.
Like this is much smaller than the camera's showing.
This is shot on an iPhone 12 pro wide angled.
It's on set on ultra wide 0.5 X right now, just for frame of reference.
So going to know the ones
We're entering outside.
Oh, thank you. That was, I'll never forget that. Thank you.
Yes, please.